fix(docs): Clarify quick start installation. Fixes #13032 (#13047)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/quick-start.md

* [k3s](https://k3s.io/) or [k3d](https://k3d.io/)
* [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)

> ## Install Argo Workflows

Author: 81580bc9a

> To install Argo Workflows for development or evaluation, use the

Reviewer: (also generally prefer at least 1 sentence per line of markdown, [per style guide](https://argo-workflows.readthedocs.io/en/release-3.5/doc-changes/). it makes diffs easier. short follow-up sentences are usually ok, but prefer to one-line long sentences)

> To install Argo Workflows for development or evaluation, use the

Author: 39a95131e, b5abdac46

`quick-start-minimal.yaml` manifest provided with each release.

!!! Warning "Development vs. Production"
    These instructions are intended to help you get started quickly. They are not suitable for production.
    For production installs, please refer to [the installation documentation](installation.md).

First, specify the version you'd like to install in an environment variable. Modify the
command below:

```bash

> ARGO_WORKFLOWS_VERSION="vX.Y.Z"

Author: I was really hoping there was a way for Mkdocs to use the version number it "knows" about (from the upper-right corner), but failed to. I'm a newer Mkdocs user so it could have just been not knowing the right thing to search for, but I've done this before in Sphinx and couldn't figure it out in the time I had :upside_down_face:

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure this requires a different plugin; `mkdocs-macros` [can do it](https://mkdocs-macros-plugin.readthedocs.io/en/latest/git_info/#tag-and-short_tag).

Author: Oo thank you :)

```

> Next, copy the command below to apply the quick-start manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, copy the commands below to apply the quick-start manifest:
```

- grammar: "command" -> "commands" as there are two commands (one to create the NS as well)
- style: "Next" -> "Then" -- "next" is often not used for a _final_ instruction. There is still more after this, but not in this section. "then" is used more ambiguously

## Install Argo Workflows

> First, specify the version you'd like to install in an environment variable.

Author: @agilgur5 Do you have strong feelings about use of contractions?

Reviewer: not too strongly. some style guides do suggest against them. They can also be harder to understand for those without strong English (though in my personal experience, people tend to memorize what it means without knowing how the contraction works).

That being said, now that you pointed it out, usually contractions aren't using [present tense](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-present-tense) and so [can be simplified](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-simple-and-direct-language):

```suggestion
First, specify the version you want to install in an environment variable.
```
